May I ask how to get to your President Wen's office?
Are you Mr. Lu who delivers flowers every day?
Yes uh can I come in please
Sorry, Mr. Wen is out
Then tell me where he is going
We, Mr. Wen, went to our partner, Mr. Chen.
Thanks.
How can you follow the president's itinerary at will?
But don't you think our president is a good match?
Mr. Chen, do we want to talk about cooperation in another place?
No, I like to lie here
How are you
how
I don't want cooperation anymore.
No, please ask Mr. Chen.
What are your thoughts on our company's projects?
Come on, sit here and have a drink
The answer?
Okay, is it okay?
Mr. Wen is not fast
Let's drink and be happy
What happened before Mr. Chen
Let's forget about the past.
Come for a drink
Hey
Ha ha.
Hahahaha
The girls are still so pretty.
Today I'm going to put the last one that didn't fall asleep
Make it up